Update trillville/update-branding for AI features branding (#12951)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/issues/issue-details/ai-autofix/index.mdx

---
title: Autofix

> description: "Learn about the AI-powered Autofix that helps you debug and fix issues faster."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Learn about Sentry's AI-powered Autofix and how it helps you debug and fix issues faster."
```

sidebar_order: 51
---

> **Autofix** uses Sentry's context (issue details, tracing data, and profiles), your codebase (integrated through GitHub), and its interactions with you to reason through the problem, identify the root cause, and suggest a code change for fixing the issue and/or add unit tests for it. You can find it in the **Solutions Hub** section of the issue details page after clicking on any error from the [**Issues**](https://sentry.io/orgredirect/organizations/:orgslug/issues/) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Autofix** uses Sentry's context (issue details, tracing data, and profiles), your codebase (integrated through GitHub), and its interactions with you to identify and reason through problems in your code. Autofix can identify the root cause and suggest a code change for fixing the issue and/or add unit tests for it. You can find it in the **Solutions Hub** section of the issue details page after clicking on any error from the [**Issues**](https://sentry.io/orgredirect/organizations/:orgslug/issues/) page.
```

Autofix is powered by [Seer](/product/issues/issue-details/seer-ai-features/), which is Sentry's AI agent.

<Alert>

Autofix is currently in Beta, free of charge, for paid Sentry customers. Feedback is highly welcomed and can be submitted in-product or via email to autofix@sentry.io.

</Alert>

<Alert>

> Autofix replaces Suggested Fix (an earlier feature that has been sunset).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Autofix replaces Suggested Fix (an earlier feature that has been sunsetted).
```

</Alert>

> ## Enabling Autofix and other AI features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Enabling Autofix and Other AI Features
```

Before you can use Autofix, you need to enable features that leverage generative AI for your Sentry organization. From the [**Organization Settings** page](https://sentry.io/orgredirect/organizations/:orgslug/settings/organization/), make sure that _Hide AI Features_ is **off**:

![Screnshot of the Organization Settings page, showing how "Hide AI Features" is disabled](../img/org-settings-ai.png)

<Alert>

Issue Summary and other generative AI features in Sentry are not available for customers hosted in the European Union at this time.

</Alert>

## Using Autofix

When you start an Autofix run, you'll see the following screen, with an option to share any additional context:

![Screenshot of the start screen of Autofix, showing an initial summary of the issue](./img/autofix-start-screen.png)

> Autofix will then analyze the issue and relevant code to help identify the root cause and a solution. You'll see a live stream of Autofix's thought process in real-time as it works through the problem. Autofix will share key insights as they come up and you'll have the option to expand each. You'll see the event data and code that support Autofix conclusions, building a clear chain of reasoning back to the root cause.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Autofix will then analyze the issue and relevant code to help identify the root cause and a solution. You'll see a live stream of Autofix's thought process in real time as it works through the problem. Autofix will share key insights as they come up and you'll have the option to expand each. You'll see the event data and code that support Autofix conclusions, building a clear chain of reasoning back to the root cause.
```
